okay i'm gonna need the r train to
switch over to the express tracks at
34th
[Music]
street
[Applause]
[Music]
unlock the door do it now i'll kill you
everybody
this side facing the window
patrol center call him pelham one two
three
why'd you stop one two three you're all
green ahead rail control center do you
read me
who is this this is a man who's gonna
give this city a run for the money
now what is the price for new york city
hostages this morning
what do you think a million a piece is
too high oh i'm not a hostage negotiator
i'm a civil service employee oh i think
you'll do just fine
now what time do you got on your watch 2
13.
59 minutes i'm gonna start killing
passengers you don't want innocent
people dying do you
you tell me life is simple now
they just have to do what i say call the
mayor now somebody just hijacked pelham
one two three
you don't think this was fate you and me
you know i'm just a guy i'm just a guy
on the other end of the mic
i do like you man you may be the last
friend i ever make
how are you gonna get the money here
they're starting down every intersection
from here to brooklyn
the money's on the way
there was an accident now somebody else
has to die those cops are gonna be
down that tunnel got an easy shot please
advise
i want to make you a deal i will trade
you for all these passengers you don't
have to do this
they want me to take the money down to
the tunnel you do what you have to do
but we need milk so on your way home i
want you to bring a gallon i can get a
half a
i get a half a gallon you're just like
me garber you know you use one of these
five seconds okay
we didn't know how today was gonna start
i know exactly how it's gonna start
yeah but do you know how it's going to
end
[Music]
you